Power metal, death metal, alternative metal, and black metal more than anything
I listen to more is metalcore, industrial metal, German metal and alternative metal.
I like listening to Hatebreed and Sepultura during work outs. It's like musical steroids.
I like Dear Ophelia, Abney Park hands down. Airship Pirates is a bop though.
I listen to folk punk and goth music
I listen to Jack stauber, gorillaz, queen
I like 90s/early 2000s country, classical, New Age, Irish, and some symphonic metal to spice things up.
Well lemme look at my spotify. My artists include: ELO, The Beatles, AJR, Lovejoy, The Living Tombstone, Cavetown, and Neon trees. Meanwhile my playlists is all those artists plus a bunch of random stuff I find. Really I like anything that has a a nice stable precaution, consistent melody, and pretty simple lyrics.
I like hard rock mostly
I like Emo, Midewest Emo, Pop Punk, indie rock, etc. Bands like The Front Bottoms, The Hotelier, My Chemical Romance, etc.
My chemical romance is my favorite band!!! I’m going to see them next year in Chicago
I like Jazz, Hip-Hop, trip-Hop, Rock, Funk and a bunch of game and Anime OST of various genres. Not too many classical songs mind.
I listen to A lot of metal, post punk, hardcore. And then…kpop. 
I listen to Rock, Alternative, Punk, some Metal, and some Pop.
I listen to some musicals but most of these songs either need to be: 1) funny and/or 2) horror based (like from Sweeney Todd - people being made into meat pies with songs is pretty nice actually. But I hate Phantom of the Opera because literally everything Opera is terrible for me!!)
I listen to harsh noise, industrial, digital hardcore, jungle, drum and bass, breakcore, breakbeat.
I listen Bedroom pop mostly. It has such a groovy/chill lil beat.
I mostly like polarizing genres, hyper pop, punk (especially folk punk and anything with a -core on the end), hiphop, regular old 00s pop, and country, even the worst songs so long as they aren’t Jesus-y or “fancy like” by Walker Hayes
Punk (multiple subs) Black Metal Emo Rap/HipHop Classical (sometimes) Electronic (sometimes)
My favourite is anime OSTs.
I listent mostly Broadway/musical theatre and choir stuff (I'm a choir person myself)
I also love Lizzy McAlpine, dodie, and Phoebe Bridgers
Symphonic metal, alternative metal, folk metal, and various other forms of metal. I'm big into instruments and unique sounds. I don't like a lot of screaming/growling, but some is fine.
Hip hop, r&b, rap, pop, metal, osts, rock, grunge, indie, and corridos. I listen to mostly whatever I’m in the mood for.
Anime Jpop idols. So things like Love Live or Idolmaster. I love listening to a lot of Japanese/Anime music in general despite not knowing the lyrics to the songs.
I also listen to a ton of video game osts.
Genres range from Rap/Hiphop, Trap, Classical, Jazz, Electronic, House, Experimental, Rock, Soul, RnB, AfroPop, Pop, Original Soundtracks to DJ mixes, Bass & Drums and everything in between.
folk, ost’s, alt, some metal
Pop, pop punk and musicals
a little bit of everything except country but I like metal and alternative music the most
Nowadays mostly classical. I really like Debussy, chopin and Einaudi.
The Minecraft Lofi or Mushroom Lofi playlist on Spotify has been a FUCKING lifesaver lately.
mostly metal/rock/alternative and hip hop (predominantly aussie rap)
 indie rock and indie pop are big ones. some folk pop, anti-folk, bluegrass too. spotify said my top genres were indie pop, emo, modern rock and dance pop.
specific bands and artists I like include twenty one pilots, paramore, fall out boy, lovejoy, wilbur soot, girl in red, hayley kiyoko, the crane wives, c418’s minecraft music, sir chloe, laura veirs, wallows, cage the elephant, and loads more that I can’t remember off the top of my head
I joke that my favorite music is "random "
Anything electronic really, synths are cool
Alt Rock, Punk, certain kinds of Metal, Shanties, Electro Swing, EDM, Dark Country, certain kinds of Folk, some Rap. Basically everything but Schlager and "Ambient music".
I listen to everything, and I really mean it, from K-pop to country to rap to metal to dance to hippie … I listen to it all
Lofi. No words, just vibes
Oh boy I have a lot! I like listening to lofi, jazz, metal, rock, alt, orchestral, vocaloid, and sea shanties
Indie/alternative, classical, oldies (pop music pre-1990)
I listen to bits of lots of things, but more than 90% of what I listen to nowadays is the Grateful Dead.
(Embers) jungle. Drum and bass
Metal. Mostly nu metal. Also alt rock, grunge (I was a teen in the 90s after all). A few classic rock songs.
I like 80s pop, electronic music, techno, chillwave, alternative/underground hip hop, lofi-hip hop, consious hip hop, 80s and 90s hip hop, smooth and contemporary Jazz, and some alternative rock.
Paul mccartney/wings/anything related to Paul or wings lol. Otherwise lots of classic rock, Warren Zevon, ramones, and nevershoutnever
Everything, honestly. Except for a majority of country music that's come out in the past 20 or so years, but I don't listen to the older stuff often to begin with.
If you're talking in terms of specific artists though, I'll list the ones I frequent the most! AJJ (formerly, Andrew Jackson Jihad), Frank Sinatra, Penelope Scott, tallyhall, and Neutral Milk Hotel- but those are just off the top of my head, and half of my favorite songs aren't even by them, ironically.
A mixture but primarily rock and indie
Rock, alt rock, emo, punk Rock, industrial, Neue Deutsche Härte (NDH), goth, metal, screamo, death metal, and oddly enough, Schlager
I’m at the tail end of a St. Vincent obsession. Spotify just let me know I’m in the top .5% of fans!Then going back a few years there was Cardi B, Father John Misty, the Hamilton soundtrack, and Florence and the Machine.Otherwise I like a lot of eclectic stuff Souxsie and the Banshees, Foxygen, first wave punk, classic rock, blues, some hipster folky stuff, whatever fits my mood.
Aurora is my religion
But I mostly listen to folk or indie. I really enjoy a good story while I listen to music.
Metal (black, doom, stoner), punk, psychedelic, progressive, techno, acid, psytrance, dub, jazz (post-1959), '00s indie, classical romantic, modern classical, ambient, minimalist movie soundtracks
Various electronic music and osts, not dubstep though.
I like basically all instrumental electronic music in minor. Everything from extremely calm to extremely high energy. Mostly it's synthwave and video game music. I also like quite a lot of music that only fits with one or two of the descriptions instrumental, electronic and minor. I guess I like "classic", rap, rock, pop, jazz (maybe?) and country a bit, so basically every genre, in that order, from most to least liked. I used to hate all kinds of voice in music because of stereotypes or something, but I've been starting to like it. The thing I like the least is some kinds of popular music in major and with lyrics, and some kind of jazz, blues, or whatever it is that uses a lot of major, dissonance, dominant 7th chords and going up and down one half step at a time in the melody like a chromatic scale. Three or four half steps in a row is one of the most obnoxious and "positive" sounds in music according to me. I hate it. I wonder how many people would be able to understand this far :p
Drake,Lil Darkie,SG Lewis,Gorillaz, Twenty One Pilots,Denzel Curry,Bruno Mars,Healy,KAYTRANADA,The Weekend,Kanye West,Bad Bunny,Kendrick Lamar,J. Cole,Lucky Daye,Ariana Grande,Billie Ellish,Lil Uzi Vert,Joji,Logic and Calvin Harris
Except from loud rap I can listen to any genre. Of course I don’t like every music existing in this world but I like at least one song of every genre (I think)
Rock / metal / punk
I like dark, dramatic music that’s very layered. I mostly listen to symphonic metal, Nightwish and Kamelot are probably my favorite bands. I also like emo music, folk rock, 80’s pop, movie soundtracks and scores, songs from musicals, whatever you’d consider Kate Bush, Tori Amos, Mitski, and Florence + the Machine, and some rap.
Grindcore/crust/pv/skramz type stuff, some death metal, some thrash metal and crossover, 90s boom-bap and some Eurobeat.
Pop songs are what I love most because they are better for my ears. Hard rock, heavy metal and electronic music is the music i avoid almost entirely.
I love Celtic, or Classical(Baroque, Classical, anything that falls into the umbrella). Also, most instrumental is cool too.
Rock & Metal
metal [trap, doom, industrial, drone], funk, phonk, hiphop, Dark Trap, Disco, psychedelic pop, symphonic stuff, various edm mostly house and electro... rnb, horrorcore blah blah i listen to a lot of music, I love music..A few of my favourite artists: Don Yellow Tame Impala Ezekiel Playaphonk Author & Punisher POLOSHIRT Istasha Toby Fox MKULTRA Childish Gambino Mr. Kitty Insane Clown Posse [dont laugh] Weezer Red Hot Chili Peppers BROCKHAMPTON Billy Talent Clarence Clarity Cowbell Cult Daft Punk Dylan Brady Laura Les. If you like music here's my master playlist, I put any songs I like in it https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0RdtRN1HApzlsM4KqHsbnu?si=RtDVXvSGQ_WuMFd8x3fg1w&utm_source=copy-link
Irish folk
Any type of punk (punk rock, folk punk, pop punk, etc), lately lots of hyperpop, and really just anything I like tbh. Oh and quite a few songs from cartoons.
Nowadays I am loving BTS' discography.
synthwave mostly, sometimes pop
Classic rock and folk music (from the 60s-70s)!
Hozier, Adele, Of Monsters and Men, music that has a powerful sort of feeling (this can be a lot of different types of music idrk how to explain it), the Atypical theme song is really good, Florence and the Machine, soft songs that have a peaceful feeling but are soft in a really great way idk how to explain it (like Treehouse by Alex G and Striptease by Carwash), Lorde, Between Friends, Birdy, meet me at our spot by Willow, and a lot of other things
Folk music, sea shanties, Irish rebel songs, political songs, anthems, classic Christmas tunes.
Heavy metal
Some classic metal, symphonic metal, prog rock/metal, pop/emo punk, classical, neoclassical, hardcore, and metalcore. I cannot stand any kind of rap or EDM and I hate it when rap vocals make it into metal. Moreover, jazz to me sounds like elevator music. I don't have a visceral reaction to it, I'm just indifferent.
Radiohead, trip hop, guitar music
I'm eclectic, I like all music but not equally. I most like rock and metal but I really dislike country music.
Punk.
Very surprised how many of us enjoy metal 
 some electro, some alternative and some rock.
 my current favorite genres are rock, showtunes, and jazz.
Top I’m in a mood picks are Linkin Park, Ashnikko, Robert Johnson, Koko Taylor, Phoebe Bridgers, Cher, anything blues, nothing, nowhere, Chris Stapleton, My Chemical Romance.When I need to laugh I turn on Bo Burnham or Amanda Palmer.General cleaning & driving music is Taylor Swift, Jhene Aiko, Raveena, Rina Sawayama, Grimes, Doja Cat, Halsey.While relaxing or studying I cannot have lyrics so I enjoy binaural beats frequencies, white noise, lo-fi, ambient, and classical.
Mostly rock but I can listen to basically any genre if i like the sound and lyrics
Generally listen to whatever I'm liking in the moment, but most of the time that is alternative music :)
Goth, punk, death rock, metal, post punk, new wave, basically anything that could be labelled rock, folk, country, and hyperpop are probably my favourites, some pop, rap, hip hop, and edm too but I don't listen to that as often, basically I'll listen to almost anything but I like heavier, more aggressive music
70s 80s hits, punk rock, green day the offspring sum 41 to be more specific
EDM. The repetition is great
Queen, Guns N Roses, AC DC, Thr Beatles, Star Wars OSTs, RDR2 OSTs, Mozart, Beethoven, Cary Rae Jensen, Michael's Jackson, Taylor Swift
Goth Emo and Post-hardcore
Literally just the Arctic Monkeys right now. A special interest of mine that hasn’t faded in about 18 months
Hiphop rap. Sometimes soft pop songs but mostly hiphop rap.
Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Buddy Holly
Thrash metal, doom metal, stoner metal, sludge metal, some death metal, grunge, some psychedelic rock, some blues (mostly SRV), and I really like the white stripes.
I like most any punk, alot of metal, folk, rock, hyperpop, edm, emo, gothic. I also really like vintage music and alot of vintage country music. Game and show ost's are bops too
Modern hip-hop/rap (mostly trap and drill), jazz, electronic, metal and post-rock are the things I listen to most
Mostly New Wave and Art Punk - Talking Heads are my favourite band - but also some newer stuff like Folk Rock (The Oh Hellos) and other artists I don't know how to classify like Jack Stauber. Also Billy Joel, but he kind of transcends genre
Indie Rock, Garage Rock, Blues Rock, Classic Rock
Art rock, progressive rock, video game soundtracks, Early 2000s Billboard hits, alternative rock, new wave, conscious hip hop, ambient music — idk dude I’m all over the place lmao
my three favorite genres are melodeath metal, post-rock, and synthwave.
 I'm going through a lofi phase right now. It helps me to chill.
Mostly Hardstyle
my favorites are classic Rock, filmmusic and accapella. I especially love the Bass singers in accapella music, I find it so much more pleasant to listen to deep voices
80s goth rock like Sisters of Mercy, Bauhaus, the Cure and then more modern bands with the same inspiration like Forever Grey, This Cold Night, She Past Away, Lebanon Hanover
Deathcore is my favorite genre but I like most metal and hard rock sub-genres. I also like jazz and symphonic music
Various things. I like rock, some pop, video game soundtrack, soundtrack like music and for some reason, 4 man harmonies
Almost exclusively Metalcore lol
pop, EDM and folk music
Kawaii metal, bands like babymetal, desurabbits and ladybaby. Occasionally j-metal sprinkled in. I prefer not being able to understand the lyrics, and deciphering the phonetics to lipsync when I'm bored is super fun!
Sad romance lofi :)
Emo rap, metal rap, lyrical hip hop, r&b aka The Weeknd, 80s music,
 indie pop, showtunes, and alternative metal. I’m also quite partial to sea shanties, big band jazz, and queer punk
Mostly dubstep, synthwave, vaporwave, hardstyle, hip hop, jazz and metal
Symphonic metal, hiphop, jazz, film scores... These are my big 4. Pretty much anything goes as long as I'm feeling it
Alternative metal, alternative and glam rock, strut (apparently) and electro. But I’m willing to listen to any and all genres, I’ll probably find something to like about it. Really love visual kei bands in general, j-pop and j-rock as well as “kawaii metal” and bubblegum pop.
Everything from drum and bass, dubstep and edm generally to jazz, pop and classical.. Reggae and hip hop heavily represented in my collection but I also have a lot of ambient and ost recordings
I'm a huge electronic girl, but lean mostly towards wave, future garage, and EDM!
Punk, pop punk, grunge
Rnb and soul all the way with a sprinkle of punk and some metal garnish.
Mostly pop 
Gothic Rock, Post Punk, New Wave,Metal, Hard Rock, Industrial, Rap
used to listen to a ton of metal, but for the past few years I've really found it with darkwave/goth rock more generally
Heavy metal, daft punk and Eminem
lassic rock from that era. Love CCR, The Doors, The Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, The Animals etc etc
My taste varies a lot. It goes from death metal to synthwave, to ska punk, to lo-fi, to orchestral, to rap, to future funk, and noise rock. though my top genres as of now are death metal, noise rock, and future funk, with my favorite bands being Gojira, HEALTH, and Perturbator.
Jpop, I like music that's in a foreign language.
Techno, Hardcore, Hardstyle and Psytrance
Indie rock and pop
 metal, rock, punk, ska
Most metal music, including death metal, thrash metal, pirate metal, power metal, and Viking metal
Hardstyle, hardcore, thrash metal, death metal, rawstyle, terror, really anything that is a couple hundred bpm of skull thumping goodness.
Ex. Kitty city by cyriak Harris, No wind resistance by kinneret, A lot of jack stauber and caravan palace.
piano music by youtubers like Patrik Pietschmann, Erik Correll, Bgh Music etc.
Some electronic swing or something with beat to get distraction . And btw i love ABBA so much.
Punk rock, alternative rock, pop rock mostly
Steve lacy, kali uchis, grimes, some kpop artists like blackpink, penomeco :)
K-pop, J-pop, k-hiphop and Japanese indie
Classic rock, pop, and all sorts of genres.
Metal, hardrock, rock'n roll, trance, techno, 90's house and some rap music.
I like punk, metal, some hip hop,  classic rock I also like jazz, classical, and country virtuoso guitar players.
Rock, alternative, hip hop, punk
Indie pop/folk.
pop, K-pop, jpop, some old school rock, classical music, Disney music, Barbie music, cartoons music, very little techno, little bit of Celtic music, and these old Nightcore songs
hip hop and us rap
Baroque string music, electronic music, classic rock, and Jonny Cash.
Pop music, musical, a little tiny bit of rap 
Lots of EDM with a sprinkle of 80s rock i
 I enjoy metal, rock, punk, pop punk, pop, country, r&b, indie, kpop, Broadway musicals, jazz, instrumental movie soundtracks
Literally anything from metal music to showtunes. ATM I'm listening to Encanto songs
I mainly listen to metal music. Mostly Symphonic Metal and Post Punk Music.
 Electronica, trance stuff like that or lofi
anything with a lot of instrumental <3
80s Rock, 2000s pop punk, and anything that's catchy. But I listen to a lot of ACDC and Fall Out Boy.
Dubstep scratches my brain
Pokémon, specific movie OSTs/TV scores, and jazz, lo-fi/chillhop
Punk
Classical music. I just love Beethoven, Prokofiev and Mahler.
Brutal death metal
I’m a total hip hop head
Modern R&B and Lofi beats…… and then EDM when I’m feeling particularly happy
My favorite genres are death metal, hairstyle, ska, and punk. My favorite artists for each are Eth's, Blademasterz, Streetlight Manifesto, and Anti-Flag. My absolute favorite bands though are Powerman 5000, Bear Ghost, and Osaka Punch. Those three are just musically weird in the best way possible.
Russian music from the seventies
i started getting into country music,i feel like it kinda helps stimming and calm myself down in situations...
A lot of rock and metal, classical or jazz 
My favorite genre is heavy metal (especially melodic death metal and extreme metal), though I enjoy other genres too.I also like Soviet military music, nasheeds, game soundtracks, film soundtracks, classical music, and more.
have a massive love/interest for march music especially Prussian and German military music aswell as almost any classical music.
hardcore punk rock, ska, Oi, Industrial Noize, Bebop Jazz. Ragtime Jazz, Roots Blues, Roots Country, Darker music - some might say gothy, Klezmer,No wave, Some New Wave, Grindcore
ambient/drone/noise music
EDM, Punk, Metal, Rock, Swing, Alternative, and some Rap and Pop.
death/black metal
high energy electronic. Like dub step and drums and bass
preference towards experimental music, i.e. composed of random, unusual or non-instrumental noises
glitch hop genre
I listen to Western as well as Indian classical music. And a lot piano. And anime/studio-ghibli music.
I love classical piano music 
Various forms of rock and metal, 80s synthpop, funk, soul, some country, industrial, new wave, Motown, all sorts. HATE rap, hip-hop and techno though, also most modern pop music. Favourite band is Pink Floyd, 
Instrumental classical music
My favourite genre is those 50s country music
I have never found anything in rap, country, or gospel that I have liked.
I typically listen to country music and classic rock. 
Epica is amazing. It's like they're symphonic metal, but not using a formula for a dime-a-dozen symphonic metal album like much of the genre sounds like. Same can be said of Within Temptation.
I like music with a coherent structure, interesting melodic ideas and basically, sounding like something no other artist is doing. It's not bound by genres.
My favorites are Peter Gabriel era Genesis (although I like their pop side too but not as much), Frank Zappa, Jethro Tull (my all time favorite album is A Passion Play) and Gentle Giant. I study in jazz so I like jazz too. My favorite era for jazz is the 20s to 30s (before bebop). I'm a fan of classical music too. I adore Johann-Sebastian Bach, especially what I consider one of the finest piece of art of all time: Art of the Fugue. Baroque and romanticism are my favorite periods of the "classical" era. I also really enjoy medieval/renaissance music. Another great band I enjoy is Gryphon. I also like contemporary classic stuff like Pierrot Lunaire (which is one of the greatest piece of music I ever heard).
Last year, I listened to about 90% Epica and about 10% everything else. Most comforting music ever.
I like EDM aswell as rock and metal. I mostly listen to Hardstyle and Hardcore techno. Even though I love an overdriven bassdrum, I still enjoy rad guitar riffs. A good song from Van Halen, is just as good as a raw Gabber track.
My favorite genre is House music, but I also like techno, electronica, synthpop, classic rock (60s-80's), SOME indie rock (Not a fan of punk/emo stuff), electroswing, nu-disco, etc.
I like Adam Young's projects (ex. Owl City), Fall Out Boy, a little dubstep here and there, stuff like that.
Owl city is pretty good, but I only listen to things like fallout boy when I feel nostalgic.
Pop punk, post hardcore, Alternative Rock, some electronic stuff
I lean toward EDM and like categories, and I enjoy alternative. I also really enjoy anything with an acoustic sound, such as Great Lake Swimmers. 
I mainly listen to electronic music (like Owl City) or instrumental music. I also listen to a lot of music from video games and anime series. However, I also like rock/alternative like Kasabian, Linkin Park and Coldplay
Swing, electro-swing. Some gothic symphonic metal stuff.Within Temptation, Amberian Dawn, NightWish, Caravan Palace, Panic! At the Disco.Yousei Teikoku is a favorite of mine.I like classical instruments mixed in with a faster "hardcore" song.
I listened to classical music exclusively up until my teens. Now, I tend to listen to pop music.
Power Metal, Symphonic Metal, and anything in between.  Notable bands: Rhapsody of Fire, Kamelot, Galneryus, Falconer, Stratovatius, DragonForce
I listen to mostly power metal, thrash metal, folk metal, doom metal, and melodic death metal. I also like prog-metal and some older rock. Glam metal is awesome too.
rock, metal, movie OST, classical, game ost and chiptune. 
Classic metal...symphonic metal stuff. the ballads appeal to me most.
Definitely pink Floyd, the wall, or even animals
Radiohead, Flaming Lips, Ween, Mogwai, the Mars Volta, Arcade Fire
I'm 16 and actually a displaced 70's kid. I love psych and prog rock 
my all-time favourite artists are Porcupine Tree and Death Cab For Cutie.
video game music: specifically mario, pokemon and rhythm heaven
I'm a rock prog snob. Favorite bands: Steven Wilson and everything related, Opeth, Tool, Riverside, The Mars Volta, Soen. I also like jazz, mainly bebop or postbop such as Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, Chick Corea, Thelonious Monk, Art Tatum, or more modern musicians such as Hiromi or Joshua Redman. I used to be a metalhead, so there's some bands that I still like such as Symphony X, Dream Theater, Nightwish, Epica, Children of Bodom, Norther, Kalmah and Ensiferum. I'm not really a snob, actually, I'm really open to everything that catches my attention, but usually pop doesn't. Lately I've been trying to listen to some more mainstream stuff so I can connect with more people (yes, I want to fit in), so I'm starting with Muse and Radiohead. 
EDM. Progressive, psy trance. Though I do dig the harder styles. Euphoric hardstyle and sometimes the industrial rawstyle sounds.Though I do listen everything from classical music, rock and pop.
I've enjoyed music from Infected Mushroom, Grouplove, System of a Down, Three Days Grace, The Strokes, Bring Me The Horizon, Yellowcard, Linkin Park, Eminem, and so much more. Basically anything like these.
Devin Townsend (Lower mid-tier prog metal) , Lady Gaga (pop, obviously), Elliott Smith (indie folk/rock), The Diablo Swing Orchestra (avant-garde metal), Sabaton (power metal), Amanda Fucking Palmer (alt rock)
 classical and rock music are the best. I love Sia, her music's fantastic :)
My favorite genre is probably industrial. But I listen to a little bit of everything except pop and country. My favorite band over all is probably Rammstein. But I am always looking for new music lately I have been listening to Ghost a lot.
Dnb, dubstep, heavy metal, electronic metal, funk, (no n drugs/sex/money related) rap, new age...I listen to pretty much everything ex: Friends, Funk and Liquor by Sam Lachow.
Indie rock, hard rock, pop. Mostly Russian music (one of my special interests is Russia) and my favourite bands are Muse and Mumiy Troll.
I listen to a lot of music that I can feel personally connected to and familiar with. Some of my favorites include Nine Inch Nails, The Smiths, Soundgarden, Bruce Springsteen and the E-Street Band, and David Bowie.
A lot of of soundtracks, classical music, light jazz, eighties pop, IDM, old school hiphop, and crooners.A lot of instrumental things and i like music with a relaxing vibe.
Any kind of Rock and Roll, Kpop, gangster rap, and some pop music.
Heavy metal, visual Kei, rock, and melodic death metal
My favourite music is by Light Bearer. I also like Ayreon, Nightwish, Baroness, Mastodon, some Marina & the Diamonds, Amanda Palmer, Turisas, Placebo, Stromae, Melanie Martinez, Asp, Portugal the Man, Exo, G-Dragon, Rammstein, Muse, Amon Amarth, Styx, Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds, some Xzibit stuff, Dragon, Toy Love, Chaotica, Frankie Laine ... well, I'm now 48 so I've been around long enough to develop a very long list of favourite music. No one can ever predict what I will like in music but I have deduced that it involves complicated rhythms, drums, good whole-sentence lyrics, telling a story/specific circumstance and minimal repetition. All songs I like have a minimum of three of these elements.
Almost exclusively metal now. I find that I'm most drawn to progressive death metal, but I also like grindcore, death, black, blackened death, melodic death, symphonic black, some doom, some thrash, some viking and folk. Overall, I'd say that Opeth is one of my favorites, and I think that Ne Obliviscaris has a lot of potential if they can stick with it. Behemoth has improved markedly over the years, and their live shows are fantastic. I really love Insomnium, Disillusion, and Before the Dawn. The latest Agoraphobic Nosebleed album is a fantastic piece, a real departure from their more usual offerings (which are also great!), Pig Destroyer had great mosh pits.
 I'm a huge Mark Knopfler fan.Dire Straits is the greatest bad in history.
House. I like the rhythm.
Right now, I am listening to a lot of Tracker Music.
some industrial, ebm, some metal, whatever i feel like though
here are a few of my favourite songs:Death Grips - Hustle Bones , Melt-Banana - Shield For Your Eyes, A Beast In The Well On Your Hand , 
PsyOpus - Scissor F**k Paper Doll
Thrash metal, death metal, power metal and all of the inbetween subgenres
 tend to listen to all kinds of music, from everywhere, but what I listen to at any point entirely depends what mood I’m in. Dubstep, classical, EDM, trance, J/C/Kpop, Prog Rock, 80’s pop, and Eurovision stuff. Basically anything with a good beat, or strong vocals.
 used to listen electronic music and beats with a lot of bass but now i'm getting interested in hard rock like avenged sevenfold or metalica .
i listen to mostly EDM though (Future Bass mostly....)
Metal, hard rock, punk rock, pop punk, alt rock, hip hop, r&b, kpop, j-rock.
 listen to trip hop, hip hop, metal, rock, electronic music, neo-soul, synthwave, and etc. Some artist I listen to are Archive, Massive Attack, Dream Theater, Epica, Symphony X, Arcturus, Unkle, Tricky, Cibo Matto, Gorillaz, Hiatus Kaiyote, Tokimonsta, Deafheaven, Crustation, DJ Shadow, RJD2, Blockhead, Octafonic, Demon Hunter, Be'lakor, Becoming The Archetype, Leper, Leprous, Dodheimsgard, Yunomi, Soul'd Out, Diggy Mo, Infected Mushrooms, Silent Descent, Cartoon Theory, Rob Dougan, 8mm, Hawkwind, Rosko John, Submotion Orchestra, Jeff Beck, Blues Saraceno, Carpenter Brut, Perturbator, and Earthling. I also really like video game soundtracks.
Movie scores make up the vast majority of my library. I also enjoy chiptune, dubstep, rap (Strange Music only) and nunmetal. The only pop artists I enjoy are the Pet Shop Boys
jazz fusion, prog rock, heavy metal, avant-garde, classical, musique-concrete, blues, blues rock, southern rock, psychedelic rock, folk, folk rock. Right now, the following tunes are swirling through my head:In The Court Of The Crimson King - King Crimson,  Dead Girls Of London - Frank Zappa, Twilight Alehouse - Genesis
Progressive psytrance. And a bit of everything else. I like psychill, vaporwave, dubstep and metal.

